1. data:
This is your Pandas DataFrame, which contains your dataset.

head():
This is a function that fetches and displays the first few rows from the DataFrame for quick viewing.

2. data.isnull():
This function checks every value in the DataFrame to see if it is NaN (Not a Number) or null.
It returns a DataFrame of the same shape as data, where each entry is either True (if the value is NaN) or False (if it is not NaN).

.sum():
This is used to sum the number of True values in each column, since True is equivalent to 1 and False is equivalent to 0 in Python.
Applying .sum() to the result of data.isnull() provides the count of NaN values in each column.

3. data.groupby(['Age', 'Attrition']):
This groups the data based on the values in the Age and Attrition columns.
Age: Refers to the age of employees.
Attrition: Refers to whether the employee has left the organization (Yes) or is still there (No).
Grouping by both Age and Attrition means the data will be organized into groups where each combination of age and attrition status is treated as a separate group.

-> .apply(lambda x:x['DailyRate'].count()):
This applies a lambda function (an anonymous function) to each group created in the previous step.
The function lambda x: x['DailyRate'].count() counts the number of rows in each group by counting the occurrences of the DailyRate column.
DailyRate: This likely represents an employee's daily salary, but in this context, it's used just as a column to count how many employees fall into each age and attrition group.

-> .reset_index(name='Counts'):
After performing the group-wise counting, the result is still indexed by Age and Attrition (the group-by columns).
reset_index() resets the index and converts it back into columns, creating a new DataFrame with the counts.
The name='Counts' argument renames the newly created column of counts as 'Counts'.
So, after this step, you'll have a DataFrame with three columns: Age, Attrition, and Counts, where Counts indicates the number of employees in each combination of Age and Attrition.

-> px.line(age_att, x='Age', y='Counts', color='Attrition', title='Agewise Counts of People in an Organization'):
This uses Plotly Express (px), a library for creating simple and interactive visualizations.
age_att: The DataFrame containing the grouped data with counts (from the previous step).
x='Age': Specifies that the x-axis of the line plot will represent the age of the employees.
y='Counts': Specifies that the y-axis will represent the number of employees (the counts).
color='Attrition': This colors the lines on the plot based on the Attrition column, allowing you to visually distinguish between employees who left the organization (Attrition = Yes) and those who stayed (Attrition = No).
title='Agewise Counts of People in an Organization': This sets the title of the plot.

-> Summary of What the Code Does:
It groups the data by employee age and whether they have left the organization (attrition status).
It counts the number of employees in each age and attrition category.
It creates a new DataFrame that stores these counts.
It then plots a line chart to visualize the number of employees at different ages and separates the lines based on whether they have left the organization or not.